<h2>CS 370 Current/Emerging Trends in Computer Science</h2>
<h3>Overview:</h3>
<p>The goal of this project was to train an agent to path find to the end of a maze through deep Q-learning. I was given all code blocks in the Jupyter Notebook except for the code block titled "#TODO: Complete the Q-Training Algorithm Code Block". In this code block, I implemented the logic behind the agent's training. This involves setting exploration rates and referencing the memory of the agent.</p>
<h3>Application of Concepts:</h3>
<p>Computer scientists are problem solvers. Computer scientists analyze complex problems and find solutions to those problems through programs, code, and algorithms. Computer scientists serve an important role in society by creating programs that make people's lives easier or solve problems that people have. Application of this can be seen in various forms of AI such as bots in video games, face recognition in smartphones, and chatbots such as ChatGPT.</p>
<h3>Approach:</h3>
<p>As a computer scientist, I first must completely understand the problem that needs to be solved. Next, I create an outline of how this problem could be solved. This may take the form of flowcharts or pseudocode. Finally, I will begin development using proper naming conventions, regularly commented code and incremental development. Computer scientists serve a similar role to doctors. They are trusted by customers to keep their data private, provide a quality solution to their problems, and ensure the safety of their machines. Ethically, computer scientists need to ensure data privacy and end-user safety above all. Next, regarding AI, it is important to weed out as much possible bias from the AI. This is especially important in situations where AI makes important decisions such as choosing candidates for a job or approving loan requests.</p>
